[Applause]
so bad yes we're just talking about you
you gotta really it's kind of a great
honor you are a goodwill ambassador to
the United Nations or is it to the
United Nations or for the United Nation
oh it's the United Nations refugee
agency it's on behalf of refugees all
over the world and they're about 68
million displaced people all over the
world and 68 million yeah
people who've been displaced from their
homes due to a war or persecution or
violence and you know I just felt was a
good thing to be able to have a voice
for these people and the great things
they sort of turn into statistics when
you see it on the news and there's a lot
of rhetoric of you know fear right now
and I think it's important to know these
people aren't barbarians at the gate
they're just people trying to find a
better life and trying to find a safe
life for their families and ultimately
want to go home because it's the
holidays and yeah it's just great to see
you it's great to you're a while yeah I
I wanted to get you a gift for the
holidays oh thank you
[Applause]
oh look it's packaged so beautifully
it's do you bag this yourself
I did not see where we have it you might
have my opening please all right yeah oh
that a New York Mets Christmas sweater
[Applause]
how do you know I really wanted a New
York Mets sweater for Christmas I guess
I'm just good at gift-giving you know as
a matter of fact I I wanted a Mets
Christmas sweater so badly I actually
ordered one for myself from Amazon hmm
that's a weird coincidence yeah it is
that's great well now you got to yeah no
actually don't have to because the one I
ordered from Amazon never showed up at
my house that's that's weird
Oh should probably I mean it's Amazon
yeah so yeah I probably call him yeah I
did call them yeah yeah yeah you know
what they said they even sent me
affordably delivered it oh yeah yeah
they don't they said somebody must have
stolen it from my front area my like
driveway area that's horrible I know
what what kind of monster would do
something like I don't you know I don't
know then I do you do you think you can
be that kind of a monster like deep down
anywhere you call me a porch pirate
right I mean how dare you call me a
porcupine I have a nest cam Ben I have a
nest cam great Jimmy I don't know what a
nest cam is but congratulations it's a
camera that tapes everything that
happens right outside my front door okay
well it does and I happen to have the
tape yeah okay I think you might be
interested in seeing
huh I don't know there's a guy that
doesn't we're dancing my house and
stealing my package that's weird
that's really weird that is where that
wasn't me that guy had a mustache that
wasn't you yeah no god no it was this
you I don't know
thank you that's horrible
oh my god Wow could this be you what
nothing
one of my most sacred and the holy
characters over
you took my sweater yeah you know our
didn't ran over Santa Claus yeah and you
know who I did it for I did it for you
because I want to make sure that you had
the right present for the holidays all
right
you ungrateful Greg did you just call me
an ungrateful Greg yeah that did that
really hurts Merry Merry Christmas I
don't even know what it means but I'm
gonna tell you something it's really
wounded me do it for you well I
apologize I'm sorry man I'm just trying
to drive all right I understand Ben
Stiller everybody part six
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape